Clarify configuration prompt release notes (#317)
medic/medic-conf: release-notes.md

This new feature warns and prompts users when uploading a configuration if the configuration being overwritten is not the last known configuration. These warnings are comparable to a database write conflict. Previous versions of medic-conf would upload the new configuration overwriting whatever was there, resulting in users accidentally wiping out someone elses changes or changes made through the App Management webapp.

> To detect this, medic-conf will generate two files - `.snapshots/remote.json` and `.snapshots/local.json`. These store the last known configuration on the server. The `remote.json` file should be commited with your configuration changes, and `local.json` should be added to the .gitignore since everyone's local environment is different. If changes are made to the configuration on the server using medic-conf or the App Management webapp without committing the `remote.json` file to your config repo, and then subsequently pulling the changes, then any attempt to upload configuration changes will be notified about the risk and prompted to either overwrite or cancel.

Reviewer: The `this` seemed orphaned in a new paragraph:

```suggestion
To detect accidental overwrites, medic-conf will generate two files - `.snapshots/remote.json` and `.snapshots/local.json`. These store the last known configuration on the server. The `remote.json` file should be commited with your configuration changes, and `local.json` should be added to the .gitignore since everyone's local environment is different. If changes are made to the configuration on the server using medic-conf or the App Management webapp without committing the `remote.json` file to your config repo, and then subsequently pulling the changes, then any attempt to upload configuration changes will be notified about the risk and prompted to either overwrite or cancel.
```
